we jump right into Christmas at my house
over the weekend I was teaching my
daughter the you better watch out you're
gonna Santa Claus you better watch out
you better not cry which if you think
about it is a pretty heavy warning you
better watch out
better not in other words I know you're
only three but be vigilant and don't
shed any tears for any reason at all and
then of course you better not pout I'm
telling you why because Santa Claus is
coming to town and he's pissed he's mad
and now that we taught her the song
we're constantly threatening her with
Santa every day Santa's watching Santa's
not gonna like that
hope Santa doesn't find it just constant
threats to my daughter Jane my wife and
I are like we're kim jeong-hoon and
santa is our arsenal of nuclear weapons
welcome I told her she needs to be good
until Christmas she told me I'll be good
on Christmas
she's already smarter than I am anyway
here when I have a tradition every year
every year we dust off the old elf
costumes and we've talked to kids to
find out if they've been naughty or nice
and this is what we learned from a
little girl named Lucy
hello Lucy hi how are you have a seat
right there do you have some paperwork
for me at - yep oh thank you very much
go ahead and have a seat right there
let's see what do we have here oh it's a
note to Santa that's nice dear Santa I
love you I have been good to everybody
a nice I hope you get me on the happy
list can you please give me some
shopkins and a mermaid and hatch Rommels
thank you I love you Lucy
and the drew picture of Lucy and Santa
that's what Santa's gonna love this no
what do you have there
my say I love Jesus oh that's nice -
Jesus is not gonna bring any presents
though oh that's nice I will get you
know what when I see Jesus we have
dinner together on Wednesday night so I
will give him this okay
all right so I guess the big question is
have you been good this year
very good on a scale of 1 to 10 how good
have you been I think I should get extra
good wow that's pretty good that's nice
yeah it's pretty good dude I'm gonna put
a good girl you have brothers and
sisters
I mean are you nice to them do you ever
fight with them oh wow she's mean to you
what kind of things does she do she like
closes the door me and she also
sometimes comes in my room with me when
I tell her not to whoa should we tell
Sarah about this okay Wow do you want
Olivia to get no gifts this year yeah
okay does she do anything good Olivia
she isn't mean to my mom
now do you ever argue with your mom no
do you always do what your mom says you
should do yes
pass me that video iPad will you okay
yeah
here mo so you're saying you never argue
with your mother and you always do what
she wants you to do okay well I'd like
to look at a video with you here Lucy is
that you in the video
[Music]
[Applause]
come on what happened there well I just
got my spinny dress and uh-huh
and it was really it was a spinny dress
and you wanted to wear it and your mom
didn't want you to wear it
oh you forgave her well that's nice of
you
what did you forgive her for a forgive -
for the sins I've been Oh for the things
you've done that's nice
that's a nice thing to do so it started
with you did kind of a naughty thing but
then you did a nice thing by forgiving
her yes okay now did you want to go into
the gingerbread house and speak directly
to Santa and give Santa a message okay
okay go right ahead yeah go into the
little house and remember Santa's
watching and don't poop in there and
shopkin in yeah and tell him that you're
always gonna listen to your mom even if
I disagree with her intensely even if I
think of Glee with her intensely
so help me God amen
okay good I think Santa's gonna like
that so we'd see we have shopkins
mermaid hatch almost should be no
problem at all we're gonna put a good
word in for Santa okay
merry Christmas to you Lucy and tell
your sister she's not getting anything
for Christmas this year okay elf
Guillermo is gonna give you a special
candy cane did you want to take one for
your sister Olivia actually I'm can give
this to my mom that's a good idea
Olivia gets nothing thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
next year hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
like that click the subscribe button
below and good things will happen
forever